Cut v2.0.0-alpha.2 (#1284)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: README.md

reflect the current state of the Kubernetes cluster. When Kubernetes objects
are deleted they are no longer visible on the `/metrics` endpoint.

> Note that any new features will be merged into master but released with v2.1.0 release, as currently v2.0.0 is in post feature freeze and only accepting bug fixes.

Reviewer: I think this is too specific to the currrent timeline and will become obsolete once we ship v2.1.0. I feel we're better off excluding this from the doc

Author: The problem is, people like to know when their feature lands and I would like to point to something or better yet avoid having to answer the questions as its answered in the README. Can you think of a better way?

Reviewer 2: with the amount of questions that we've had around this, I'm also for a statement like this being here, I think it will help with the support burden around this

#### Compatibility matrix

At most, 5 kube-state-metrics and 5 [kubernetes releases](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases) will be recorded below.

| kube-state-metrics | **Kubernetes 1.15** | **Kubernetes 1.16** |  **Kubernetes 1.17** |  **Kubernetes 1.18** |  **Kubernetes 1.19** |
|--------------------|---------------------|---------------------|----------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
| **v1.8.0**         |         ✓           |         -           |          -           |          -           |          -           |
| **v1.9.7**         |         -           |         ✓           |          -           |          -           |          -           |
| **v2.0.0-alpha.2** |         -           |         -           |          -/✓         |         -/✓          |          ✓           |
| **master**         |         -           |         -           |          -/✓         |          -/✓         |          ✓           |
- `✓` Fully supported version range.
- `-` The Kubernetes cluster has features the client-go library can't use (additional API objects, deprecated APIs, etc).

> **Note:** that v2.0.0-alpha.2+ and master releases of kube-state-metrics work on Kubernetes v1.17 and v1.18 excluding Ingress or CertificateSigningRequest resource metrics. If you require those metrics and are on older Kubernetes version, use v2.0.0-alpha.1 or v1.9.7 kube-state-metrics release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `v2.0.0-alpha.2+` and `master` releases of kube-state-metrics work on Kubernetes v1.17 and v1.18 excluding Ingress or CertificateSigningRequest resource metrics. If you require those metrics and are on an older Kubernetes version, use v2.0.0-alpha.1 or v1.9.7 kube-state-metrics release. 
```

#### Resource group version compatibility

Resources in Kubernetes can evolve, i.e., the group version for a resource may change from alpha to beta and finally GA
in different Kubernetes versions. For now, kube-state-metrics will only use the oldest API available in the latest
release.

#### Container Image

The latest container image can be found at:
* `quay.io/coreos/kube-state-metrics:v2.0.0-alpha.2`

> * `k8s.gcr.io/kube-state-metrics/kube-state-metrics:2.0.0-alpha.2`

Reviewer 3: @lilic are the gcr.io images going to have a v-prefix in the version similar to the quay.io ones with this release?
